This project is a web form that is intended to collect information from Business Analytics and Information Systems students about their experience with the major. The information will help give the BAIS team insights about the general outlook the major and the students it serves. 

There were several ways in which I conformed to the best practices of forms when working on this project. The content of my forms was specifically organized to encourage users to fill out the form rather than skip it. I did this by putting more general questions at the beginning, with the more complex questions at the end. The way the questions were formatted aligned with the best practices. I intentionally formatted questions to be checkmarks, dropdowns, and text boxes based on how that data would be used. For example, I used a dropdown menu of state and territories when asking students where they are from. This eliminates any spelling error that may occur, and it makes it easier to use the data once it is collected. 

Additionally, I used the best practice of including page numbers that showed how far into the survey the respondant was (for example: Page 2 of 3). This is another factor that helps keep respondents engaged in the survey by ensuring that they know how far they have left to go. The form is designed to be very mobile-friendly, as many people use their mobile devices to fill out surveys like this. 

The form was also designed for user accessibility. I ran every webpage that was part of the suvey through an accessibility evaluation tool. This tool helped me identify any errors in my webpage that would make it difficult for people with disabilities to use. I eliminated all errors that were found on the site. Additionally, I used the Adobe Color contrast checker to ensure that the background and text color I used had an apporiate contrast ratio to make the site usable for visiually impaired users. 
